Liu Luo, have you gone to see Lord Xie?
How're things going?
Dad, let's not talk about that
Mom, what about Ye Fang?
He is doing laundry
Thank you, Mr. Bai
You are
Say hello before you come
Come on, serve tea for the two adults
Sorry.
Miss Shangguan
We were wrong
We shouldn't listen to officials
Attack the Shangguan family
To engage in malicious business competition
We take your good contract.
From Now On
The Chamber of Commerce will only cooperate with the Shangguan family
Please also raise your hand
Punish us lightly
XUXU
We promise not to make the same mistake again.
If Miss Shangguan has any dissatisfaction
You can hit or scold
Two adults, please get up and talk
Why are you so ignorant?
How can you let two adults treat you like this?
Mom, I didn't make them do this
Nonsense, who else could you be?